README.md, before:

![HEADER](https://github.com/theamallalgi/TheAmalLalgi/blob/main/dependencies/header.png?raw=true)

<!-- > <a href="https://github.com/" target='_blank'>github</a> > <a href="https://theamallalgi.pages.dev" target='_blank'>theamallalgi</a> > <a href="https://github.com/theamallalgi" target='_blank'>profile</a> > <a href="https://github.com/theamallalgi/theamallalgi/readme.md" target='_blank'>readme.md</a> -->

> [!NOTE]
> Wax on, wax off.

<details open>
<summary> ☎️ Wanna see my social media handles?</summary>

## 🐦 Feel free to follow me and Stuff!
[![Instagram](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Instagram/instagram1.svg)](https://instagram.com/theamallalgi) [![X/Twitter](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Twitter/twitter1.svg)](https://x.com/amallalgi) [![Reddit](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Reddit/reddit1.svg)](https://reddit.com/user/theamallalgi) [![Telegram](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Telegram/telegram1.svg)](t.me/theamallalgi/)
[![Github](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Github/github2.svg)](https://github.com/theamallalgi/) [![Sponsor](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Sponsor/sponsor1.svg)](https://github.com/theamallalgi/)
[![Email](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Mail/mail2.svg)](mailto:theamallalgi@gmail.com) [![Portfolio](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/MyPortfolio/myportfolio1.svg)](https://theamallalgi.pages.dev/)
[![LinkedIn](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/LinkedIn/linkedin1.svg)](https://linkedin.com/in/amallalgi) [![PayPal](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/PayPal/paypal1.svg)](https://paypal.me/theamallalgi)
[![Spotify](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Spotify/spotify2.svg)](https://open.spotify.com/user/t33tjvnatdw1hf5ner4vpt2kn?si=YqmENfcuTyuGJG1Nvo_u0Q) [![Dribble](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Dribble/dribble1.svg)](https://dribbble.com/TheAmalLalgi) [![Behance](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Behance/behance1.svg)](https://www.behance.net/amallalgi) [![Dev.to](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Devto/devto1.svg)](https://dev.to/theamallalgi)
</details>

<details>
<summary> 🦑 What Do I Use to Build, and Create?</summary>

### Web Development and Frameworks I Use
![HTML5](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/HTML/html1.svg) ![CSS3](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/CSS/css1.svg) ![JavaScript](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Javascript/javascript3.svg) ![Typescript](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/TypeScript/typescript1.svg) ![SCSS](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Sass/sass1.svg) ![jQuery](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/jQuery/jquery1.svg)
![React](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/React/react1.svg) ![NodeJS](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/NodeJS/nodejs1.svg) ![Express.js](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Express/express2.svg) ![MongoDB](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/MongoDB/mongodb1.svg) ![Next JS](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/NextJS/nextjs2.svg)
![Tailwind](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/TailwindCSS/tailwindcss1.svg) ![Django](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Django/django1.svg) ![NestJS](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/NestJS/nestjs1.svg) ![PostgreSQL](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/PostgreSQL/postgresql1.svg)

### Shell Scripting, Building and Automation
![Shell](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Shell/shell1.svg) ![Python](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Python/python1.svg) ![Rust](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Rust/rust1.svg) ![Lua-Lang](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Lua/lua1.svg)

### Some Other Programming Languages I Love
![Go Lang](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Go/go1.svg) ![Java](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Java/java1.svg) ![Kotlin](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Kotlin/kotlin1.svg) ![C#](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/CSharp/csharp1.svg)

### Some Tools and Platforms I Rely too much on
![Git](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Git/git1.svg) ![Docker](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Docker/docker1.svg) ![Postman](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Postman/postman1.svg) ![Cloudflare](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Cloudflare/cloudflare1.svg) ![Netlify](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Netlify/netlify1.svg)

### Editors and IDEs I Love (Sorted)
![NVim](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Neovim/neovim1.svg) ![Visual Studio Code](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/VisualStudioCode/visualstudiocode1.svg) ![Android Studio](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/AndroidStudio/androidstudio1.svg) ![Xcode](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Xcode/xcode1.svg) </br>
![Webstorm](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Webstorm/webstorm2.svg) ![Pycharm](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/PyCharm/pycharm1.svg) ![IJIdea](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/IDEA/idea1.svg)

### Main Creative Tools I Use
![Adobe Photoshop](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Photoshop/photoshop1.svg) ![Adobe Illustrator](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Illustrator/illustrator1.svg) ![Figma](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Figma/figma1.svg) ![InDesign](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/InDesign/indesign1.svg) </br>
![Audacity](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Audacity/audacity1.svg) ![Blender](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Blender/blender1.svg)
</details>

<details>
<summary> 🦑 I love listening to Ancient songs!</summary>

## 🎺 This is something I listen to:
[![spotify-github-profile](https://spotify-github-profile.kittinanx.com/api/view?uid=t33tjvnatdw1hf5ner4vpt2kn&cover_image=true&theme=compact&show_offline=false&background_color=121212&interchange=true)](https://github.com/kittinan/spotify-github-profile)
</details>

<details>
<summary> 🦑 You Can See my Github Stats below!</summary>

## 🛞 Github Stats
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=theamallalgi&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=theamallalgi&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)
</details>

<details>
<summary> 🦑 Wanna see something fun? (It's Fun!)</summary>

## 👻 Booo!
![Nosferatu](https://github.com/theamallalgi/TheAmalLalgi/blob/main/dependencies/nosferatu.gif?raw=true)
</details>

Commit message:

chore: update readme for new year

README.md, after:

![HEADER](https://github.com/theamallalgi/TheAmalLalgi/blob/main/dependencies/newyear.png?raw=true)

<!-- > <a href="https://github.com/" target='_blank'>github</a> > <a href="https://theamallalgi.pages.dev" target='_blank'>theamallalgi</a> > <a href="https://github.com/theamallalgi" target='_blank'>profile</a> > <a href="https://github.com/theamallalgi/theamallalgi/readme.md" target='_blank'>readme.md</a> -->

> [!NOTE]
> It's the start of a new year my guys, turn off your devices and take a break, enjoy your time with your pals and family!

<details open>
<summary> ☎️ Wanna see my social media handles?</summary>

## 🐦 Feel free to follow me and Stuff!
[![Instagram](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Instagram/instagram1.svg)](https://instagram.com/theamallalgi) [![X/Twitter](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Twitter/twitter1.svg)](https://x.com/amallalgi) [![Reddit](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Reddit/reddit1.svg)](https://reddit.com/user/theamallalgi) [![Telegram](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Telegram/telegram1.svg)](t.me/theamallalgi/)
[![Github](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Github/github2.svg)](https://github.com/theamallalgi/) [![Sponsor](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Sponsor/sponsor1.svg)](https://github.com/theamallalgi/)
[![Email](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Mail/mail2.svg)](mailto:theamallalgi@gmail.com) [![Portfolio](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/MyPortfolio/myportfolio1.svg)](https://theamallalgi.pages.dev/)
[![LinkedIn](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/LinkedIn/linkedin1.svg)](https://linkedin.com/in/amallalgi) [![PayPal](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/PayPal/paypal1.svg)](https://paypal.me/theamallalgi)
[![Spotify](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Spotify/spotify2.svg)](https://open.spotify.com/user/t33tjvnatdw1hf5ner4vpt2kn?si=YqmENfcuTyuGJG1Nvo_u0Q) [![Dribble](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Dribble/dribble1.svg)](https://dribbble.com/TheAmalLalgi) [![Behance](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Behance/behance1.svg)](https://www.behance.net/amallalgi) [![Dev.to](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Devto/devto1.svg)](https://dev.to/theamallalgi)
</details>

<details>
<summary> 🦑 What Do I Use to Build, and Create?</summary>

### Web Development and Frameworks I Use
![HTML5](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/HTML/html1.svg) ![CSS3](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/CSS/css1.svg) ![JavaScript](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Javascript/javascript3.svg) ![Typescript](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/TypeScript/typescript1.svg) ![SCSS](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Sass/sass1.svg) ![jQuery](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/jQuery/jquery1.svg)
![React](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/React/react1.svg) ![NodeJS](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/NodeJS/nodejs1.svg) ![Express.js](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Express/express2.svg) ![MongoDB](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/MongoDB/mongodb1.svg) ![Next JS](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/NextJS/nextjs2.svg)
![Tailwind](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/TailwindCSS/tailwindcss1.svg) ![Django](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Django/django1.svg) ![NestJS](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/NestJS/nestjs1.svg) ![PostgreSQL](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/PostgreSQL/postgresql1.svg)

### Shell Scripting, Building and Automation
![Shell](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Shell/shell1.svg) ![Python](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Python/python1.svg) ![Rust](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Rust/rust1.svg) ![Lua-Lang](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Lua/lua1.svg)

### Some Other Programming Languages I Love
![Go Lang](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Go/go1.svg) ![Java](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Java/java1.svg) ![Kotlin](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Kotlin/kotlin1.svg) ![C#](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/CSharp/csharp1.svg)

### Some Tools and Platforms I Rely too much on
![Git](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Git/git1.svg) ![Docker](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Docker/docker1.svg) ![Postman](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Postman/postman1.svg) ![Cloudflare](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Cloudflare/cloudflare1.svg) ![Netlify](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Netlify/netlify1.svg)

### Editors and IDEs I Love (Sorted)
![NVim](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Neovim/neovim1.svg) ![Visual Studio Code](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/VisualStudioCode/visualstudiocode1.svg) ![Android Studio](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/AndroidStudio/androidstudio1.svg) ![Xcode](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Xcode/xcode1.svg) </br>
![Webstorm](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Webstorm/webstorm2.svg) ![Pycharm](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/PyCharm/pycharm1.svg) ![IJIdea](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/IDEA/idea1.svg)

### Main Creative Tools I Use
![Adobe Photoshop](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Photoshop/photoshop1.svg) ![Adobe Illustrator](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Illustrator/illustrator1.svg) ![Figma](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Figma/figma1.svg) ![InDesign](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/InDesign/indesign1.svg) </br>
![Audacity](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Audacity/audacity1.svg) ![Blender](https://ziadoua.github.io/m3-Markdown-Badges/badges/Blender/blender1.svg)
</details>

<details>
<summary> 🦑 I love listening to Ancient songs!</summary>

## 🎺 This is something I listen to:
[![spotify-github-profile](https://spotify-github-profile.kittinanx.com/api/view?uid=t33tjvnatdw1hf5ner4vpt2kn&cover_image=true&theme=compact&show_offline=false&background_color=121212&interchange=true)](https://github.com/kittinan/spotify-github-profile)
</details>

<details>
<summary> 🦑 You Can See my Github Stats below!</summary>

## 🛞 Github Stats
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=theamallalgi&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=theamallalgi&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)
</details>

<details>
<summary> 🦑 Wanna see something fun? (It's Fun!)</summary>

## 👻 Booo!
![Nosferatu](https://github.com/theamallalgi/TheAmalLalgi/blob/main/dependencies/nosferatu.gif?raw=true)
</details>
